cv.md, before:

# Ilya Rudakov
---
## Contact information:

* __Phone:__ +7(988) 347-27-20

* __E-mail:__ rudakov.alhan@gmail.com

* __Telegram:__ @Asap_Alh

* __Discrod:__ asap_alh(Ilya)#9253
  
---

## Information about me

I am currently studying to be a web developer on my own. I really like to create something new, something that really works. 

My strengths are perseverance and perseverance, I can sit for hours at a problem, but I will not leave it unsolved.

My goal is getting a lot of useful information from this course to become a good specialist. Also, I want to find a job which will bring something new into my life, as well as to find colleagues, like-minded people and new friends.

---

## Skills:

* HTML5, CSS3(BEM)
* SASS,SCSS
* FIGMA
* JavaScript(Basic)
* Git
* VS CODE

---


## Code Example:

This code outputs a pyramid of asterisks


```Javascript

const lines = 5;
let result = '';

for (let i = 0; i <= lines; i++) {

  for (let j = 0; j < lines - i; j++) {
    result += ' ';
  }

  for (let k = 0; k < 2 * i + 1; k++) {
    result += '*';
  }

  result += '\n';

}
console.log(result);

```
---

## Educational Experience and Achievements

* [TechOnline - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/TechOnline-LandingPage/home.html)

* [GoCorona - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/GoCorona-LandingPage/)

* [Healthy Switcher - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/lesson_17Adaptive/)

* [Travel - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/travel/)

* [Pulse - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.ru/)

---

Commit message:

docs: add languages and courses

cv.md, after:

# Ilya Rudakov

## Contact information:

* __Phone:__ +7(988) 347-27-20

* __E-mail:__ rudakov.alhan@gmail.com

* __Telegram:__ @Asap_Alh

* __Discrod:__ asap_alh(Ilya)#9253
  
---

## Information about me

I am currently studying to be a web developer on my own. I really like to create something new, something that really works. 

My strengths are perseverance and perseverance, I can sit for hours at a problem, but I will not leave it unsolved.

My goal is getting a lot of useful information from this course to become a good specialist. Also, I want to find a job which will bring something new into my life, as well as to find colleagues, like-minded people and new friends.

---

## Skills:

* HTML5, CSS3(BEM)
* SASS,SCSS
* FIGMA
* JavaScript(Basic)
* Git
* VS CODE

---


## Code Example:

This code outputs a pyramid of asterisks


```Javascript

const lines = 5;
let result = '';

for (let i = 0; i <= lines; i++) {

  for (let j = 0; j < lines - i; j++) {
    result += ' ';
  }

  for (let k = 0; k < 2 * i + 1; k++) {
    result += '*';
  }

  result += '\n';

}
console.log(result);

```
---

## Educational Experience and Achievements

* [TechOnline - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/TechOnline-LandingPage/home.html)

* [GoCorona - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/GoCorona-LandingPage/)

* [Healthy Switcher - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/lesson_17Adaptive/)

* [Travel - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.github.io/travel/)

* [Pulse - Educational project](https://rudakovilya.ru/)

---

## Courses

1. Simulators for layout on [HTML-ACADEMY](https://htmlacademy.ru/courses)
2. [FREECODECAMP](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design) - Responsive Web Design
3. Сourse on layout from a [Freelancer for lifestyle](https://edu.fls.guru/) (in progress)

---
## Languages

* Russian - Native
* English - Pre-Intermediate
